How much longer to the embassy?
About 20 minutes.
Huh? The brakes…
Hey! You! Watch the road!
One of our country's diplomats
was killed in an accident in Ostania.
The authorities believe
it was an assassination
by a far-right party in the East.
They are planning a war against Westalis.
We must find out what they are planning.
Let's leave it to him.
One of our most skilled agents.
Twilight.
Here are the photos as promised.
Proof that the Minister
of Foreign Affairs wears a wig.
Here are the negatives.
Good work. This will force him to resign.
I'll be counting on you again.
Hey.
I'll have you hand over the items
as promised.
But… Just now…!
I've been fooled!
The codename is Twilight.
He was a spy.
When countries worldwide were battling
a discrete yet fierce information war,
this man survived on the battlefield
by using 100 different faces.
And Dad's taking it out on me that the
pictures of him in his wig were stolen.
I just don't get it! He pisses me off.
Are you even listening, Robert?
Oh, how unfortunate.
Hey, Robert. What do you say we…
-Karen, let's break up.
-What?!
-There's no intelligence in your stories.
-Huh?
Well then. I hope you find happiness.
Wait, Robert! That came out of nowhere!
Robert!
Sorry, Karen, but I no longer have
business with you or your father.
Tonight will be the end
of my alias as Robert.
Marriage? As happy as humanly possible?
I disposed of my attachment to such things
along with my identity card
the day I became a spy.
An arbitrary encryption.
The train on track five will
soon depart for Berlint.
Hello, or good evening, Twilight.
Good work earlier.
That saved the minister's life
and helped our country.
Now, onto the next assignment.
The target is Donovan Desmond.
A member of the National Equality Party.
He is a threat to
the peace of the metropolitan capital.
Your mission is to get close to him
and find out his unsettling movements.
To do this, you must first get married
and have a child.
Huh?
Desmond is cautious
and doesn't often show his face in public.
The only time he appears is at
the regular social gatherings
held at his son's prestigious school.
It has become a social gathering place
for political and business tycoons.
You must enroll your child in this school
and infiltrate the social gatherings.
Since the deadline for enrollment
is approaching,
you'll be given one week.
He wants me to have a child in seven days?
Pardon me.
Operation Strix.
This operation will protect
the peace between East and West,
and ultimately, the world.
Heroes of the dark.
The work you agents do,
will never see the light of day.
No medals will be awarded, nor will you be
featured in the newspaper.
But don't forget that people's
daily lives depend on your work.
Fine.
I, Twilight,
got rid of both my name and face.
I'll portray a father figure with a child.
All for a better world.
<=eptitle>MISSION:1
OPERATION STRIX
This is the family room.
Fully furnished, air-conditioned,
and… Um, sir?
No wiretaps
and escape routes can be secured.
I'll take it.
Then Mr. Forger, may I have your signature
on this document?
Loid Forger. Occupation, psychiatrist.
That'll be my new life.
A family that I love. A happy home life.
How wonderful. A new home for your family.
Is your child a boy or a girl?
Oh, that's yet to be decided.
Huh?
What a huge load for a spy.
Huh? You want to be a foster parent?
Yes. I heard that children can be
adopted from this orphanage.
-My wife and I are having…
-Sure.
-Take whichever one you like. Come on in.
-Uh…
What an awful environment.
But the more underground
an institution is,
the more children
with unknown backgrounds,
and that's more convenient for
falsifying their backgrounds.
This assignment will be work
if I have a kid.
If it were up to me, I'd do it all myself,
but even though
I'm the best spy in Westalis,
I can't turn myself into a child.
Um, if possible, I'm looking for a child
who can read and write.
In that case…
Hey, Anya!
She's the smartest one here. She
doesn't talk much but she's a good kid.
She's a creepy kid.
I hope he takes her.
Come on, say hello.
Um, excuse me.
The age of entry for
Eden Academy is six years old.
She can't be more than four or five.
-Six!
-Hm?
Six.
You are six years old?
But her height…
A newspaper?
A crossword puzzle?
Isn't that a little difficult for a child?
Although for me,
this is nothing but child's play.
One down is "homeostasis."
One across is "casual closure."
Under that is
"symplectic homomorphic mapping."
She finished it? Seriously?!
How intelligent!
She'll easily be able to
pass the entrance exam.
I'll take her.
-What forms do I need to fill out?
-No worries.
Just take her already.
Child-bearing mission complete.
It's going so well that I'm worried.
Are you okay with that?
Spy? Mission? How exciting!
The girl was a telepath.
Test subject 007.
The girl had the power to read
people's minds.
She was born unintentionally
through an experiment done by
an unknown organization, but she ran away.
She moved from place to place
seeking protection.
Listen, little girl.
-Anya.
-Listen, Anya.
You'll be my daughter starting today,
but we'll tell people that
you're my biological daughter. Okay?
Yeah.
Make sure to call me Father.
-Father.
-Good.
What a cute little girl! Hello.
We're the Forgers. We moved in today.
I'm Anya, my father's daughter
from long ago.
Oh?
Don't say unnecessary things.
Come on. Let's go inside.
Is this Anya's home?
-Yeah.
-A television!
You can turn it on.
Adventure anime Spy Wars!
Anya likes this!
Of course you do.
A pistol with a silencer…
How exciting!
-I'll make sure to get it back!
-I have to go get some essentials.
-I won't go easy on you!
-And her fake identification papers.
I'm going to go out.
Stay here and watch that.
Adventure!
It's not an adventure!
I'm just going shopping.
Anya wants a pistol
that doesn't make a sound!
Fine, if they have one.
Blending in and acting normal
is the essence of being a spy.
We have to look like
an ordinary parent and child.
-Ding ding!
-Why are you standing out?
No, no. You have to hold her hand
since she's just a child. Here.
With one hand in use, I can't prepare
for an enemy attack, but, oh well.
Enemy?!
-What are you doing?
-Being vigilant.
Did I do something for her to be vigilant?
Maybe it was too early to hold hands.
Does she not like me? This isn't good.
I have to maintain a good relationship
with her until the mission is over.
I have to understand her.
Understanding the other side
is the first step towards peace.
If he understands Anya,
the world will find peace?!
-Anya likes peanuts but not carrots.
-Hm?
-I like crunchy bacon!
-Oh.
A bakery doesn't mean crunchy bacon.
I'd like to have this.
You can't buy something
that's worth one dalc with ten pents.
Maybe she's not smart after all.
Was the crossword just a coincidence?
Maybe I should find another child…
-Anya knew that!
-What's wrong?!
Anya will be useful…
What should I do…
I'll buy you peanuts, so stop crying!
Peanuts!
Father, Anya's tired.
I can't walk anymore…
It's no use. I don't understand
this irrational behavior.
I need a manual to decipher it.
Trust is the foundation to parenting.
Accept rather than scold.
See the child's perspective.
Children cannot express
their feelings well.
Try to understand them.
I guess I can't interrogate them.
Parents around the world are
taking on such a difficult mission.
"Develop self-esteem for their future."
"By giving them the ability to think
for themselves, they will be able to…"
I'll be returning her to the orphanage
once the assignment is over.
That's all there is to our relationship.
No! Anya doesn't want to study!
I need to know your academic ability
for the exam.
Anya can take the test without studying.
As long as I can read other people's…
people's minds…
Are you planning on cheating? Listen.
If you don't pass, I'll…
fail my assignment.
Forget it.
I'm going out.
I'm not taking you with me today!
Absolutely not. Stay home.
-Hey!
-I said no!
There! You think I won't see you?
There! There!
Father finds me every time. How fun!
Now you won't be able to leave!
And that's why you're late?
I ultimately had to barricade the entrance
and lock her in.
I hope you don't get reported
for child abuse.
It's so difficult to know
what children are thinking.
It's also frustrating how they think
that crying will solve everything.
It's their job to cry, Twilight.
Anyway, here's what you asked for.
Application, exam voucher,
and the entrance exam questions.
-It was hard to get those.
-Thanks, Franky.
I'm sure we'll get by if I have her
memorize the answers.
Oh, and your daughter.
I dug up information
that wasn't at the orphanage.
Nothing regarding her birth.
Age and parents are unknown.
There was only information
on this past year,
but she was
returned from four foster homes.
She even changed orphanages twice.
Anya Williams. Anya Levski. Anya Roche.
So many name changes.
You two were meant for each other.
I was only kidding.
This was for a mission right?
Even if she's a child, getting attached
won't do you any good.
-Thanks for the warning.
-Hey! My payment!
Ugh.
It's difficult to know
what spies are thinking too.
How boring. This isn't what I imagined
a spy would be like.
Anya wanted to take back a bomb.
I can't have her messing with
my spy equipment, so I need to lock it.
The number is six, one…
One, zero, a bomb!
A bomb!
Secret communication tool!
Secret!
Boss! New communication
has been intercepted!
Is it a code from the West?
No, just plain text.
Um… Twilight is coming…
Twilight? These are the frequencies
used by the West organization.
Oh, again!
This way, ogre…
Hurry up and find the source!
Now that you know I'm a spy,
I'll have you disappear!
I'll have to leave once he finds out
Anya's a telepath…
Anya,
don't tell anyone about your abilities.
It's time to study, Anya.
Anya wants to draw…
You don't have to do such childish things.
We need to use your power for world peace.
There's no time for crying.
Stop playing and study.
I hope she hasn't made a mess.
That's right. I have to move this.
Who are they?!
Anya?!
Was she kidnapped?
By one of their members…? But why?
I need to find her right away. Keep calm.
Looking at this situation,
the enemy found out that I'm a spy.
I need to go into hiding right away.
And Anya…
There are plenty of other kids.
I'll just have to start over.
Who is this kid?
Is she Twilight's?
I don't know. We brought her since she
was in the room where the call originated.
This is because of that tool?
She built a barricade outside of the room
and was hiding.
Why outside?
Who knows?
Fine. If we can use her as a hostage,
we'll use her as a shield
to make Twilight steal the wig directly
from the Foreign Minister.
Boss.
Maybe we should just give up on the wig…
Transparency is important in politics.
Wigs aren't good.
A pistol that doesn't make a sound!
And the minister is
a sneaky traitor who is
biased to the West.
Those who defend traitors
are also traitors.
A real bad person…
The men watching the house came back!
We got the man.
Good work.
His skills were not amateur.
He's a real one.
Go rest over there.
Now, now, Twilight.
I'll have you return the photos you stole.
Huh?
-What? He was just…
-The girl is gone!
He got us again!
I'm a fool. I'll be disqualified as a spy,
taking a risk like this and sneaking into
enemy territory!
Father… It's not him!
-Don't worry! I won't do anything.
-Father!
This is why kids are…
I see…
I'm starting to understand
why I get frustrated when kids cry.
It's because it reminds me of
when I was young.
No one lent a helping hand.
All I could do was cry out of loneliness,
despair, and helplessness.
I thought I had abandoned my past, but I
was overlapping it with my childhood.
Not only that but…
-Hey, little girl.
-Anya.
Well, Anya,
we're professional "tag" players.
When we see someone who seems to
have talent, we challenge them to a game.
Oh, Father's a liar.
Listen. If you go straight here
and turn right along the road,
you'll see a police station.
If you give this to the police station,
you win. Understand?
If she shows this to them, she'll be
accepted into a better orphanage.
A plan cannot depend on children.
-I'll have to rethink.
-Father…
Go on now! Hurry!
Am I unqualified to be a spy?
That's not it.
My mistake was
ever putting her in harm's way.
That's right. A world where
children don't have to cry.
I became a spy to create
a world like that.
Don't let him get away!
Drag him out and expose that bastard!
A trap? When did he…?
What is this? Flour?
-Twilight?!
-Don't use your gun! It'll blow up!
Wha--
No way…
Turn around and I'll kill you.
Twilight…
Hello, or good evening Edgar. How's Karen?
How do you know my daughter's name?
Of course I know. I'm a spy.
I know her height, weight, shoe size,
favorite food,
and every freckle on her body.
I know her criminal activities too,
although they're cute compared to yours.
-Shut up. My daughter wouldn't…
-Edgar.
I also know that you care a lot
about your daughter. Listen.
If you want her to continue
living in peace,
don't ever come near me again.
If you understand, go home.
-Anya!
-Father!
Father!
Why are you…? I mean,
what are you doing out of the house?
I just happened to come here to shop,
but it seems to be closed.
Father's such a liar.
Anya was playing tag with some men.
Really? Did you have fun?
It was a little scary.
Anya wants to go home.
Father and Anya's home.
Are you sure?
If you leave me behind,
Anya's going to cry…
She was returned from four foster homes.
Anya Williams.
Anya Levski. Anya Roche.
I see.
Then let's go home.
That house is dangerous, so let's move.
There was a poisonous snake yesterday.
I don't like snakes.
Father is such a liar.
But he's a cool liar!
Anya wants to live in a castle!
If they have one for sale.
Once we move, you have to study.
Ugh!
You just have to memorize
the answers this time. It's easy.
Please begin the exam!
I'm counting on you Anya.
Do your best.
-This is so hard!
-I don't know any of it!
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe…
K-212, K-212…
It's there! You passed! Good job!
Did Anya do good?
Yes! You did good!
-You did…
-Oh, Father!
Now that I'm relieved, the fatigue
-Don't leave me!
-that had built up has come crashing down.
-Relieved? Me?
-Father, you're making me cry!
-I'll be good, so please come back!
-Something's wrong with me…
<=title>
Father died.
Mail!
Miss Forger?
I'm Anya Forger.
Could you give this
to your father or mother?
My mother doesn't exist.
Oh, really… I'm sorry…
Father! The mailman came!
What's with you?
Are you trying to kill me?!
Sleeping in front of somebody
is unacceptable…
I've got to pull it together.
-Mail!
-Hm?
A letter of invitation from Eden Academy.
What's wrong, Father?
"The second step is
a three-person interview.
Must attend with both parents.
No exceptions."
Mother doesn't exist.
<=eptitle>MISSION:2
SECURE A WIFE
Subtitle translation by: Nana Onishi